Update DG for Parser component and use cases (#101)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T09-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to create a contact with the inputted details

Reviewer: This sentence seems odd although grammatically correct. Maybe we can simplify it?
```suggestion
1. User requests to create a contact and inputs contact details
```

2. contHACKS creates the contact and displays the newly added contact

Use case ends.

**Extensions**

> * 1a. User gives insufficient details for contact creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1a. User fails to provide compulsory field.
```

Use case ends.

**Extensions**
* 1a. There are no contacts that matches the input details
    * 1a1. contHACKS displays an empty list<br />
    Use case ends.

* 1b. User finds by name
    * 1b1. contHACKS displays a list of contacts with names that match the input<br />
    Use case ends.

* 1c. User finds by module code
    * 1c1. contHACKS displays a list of contacts that are tagged with the module code<br />
    Use case ends.

* 1d. User input details in a wrong format
    * 1d1. contHACKS shows an error message<br />
    Use case ends.

**Use case: Updating a contact**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to update a specific contact with the inputted details

Reviewer: Same suggestion and above

    * 1b1. contHACKS shows an error message.<br />
    Use case ends.
    

**Use case: Adding remark to a contact**

**MSS**

1. User requests to add a remark to a specific contact
2. contHACKS updates the contact with the inputted remark and displays the updated contact

Use case ends.

**Extensions**
* 1a. Contact does not exist
    * 1a1. contHACKS shows an error message.<br />
      Use case ends.

* 1b. User input the remark in a wrong format
    * 1b1. contHACKS shows an error message.<br />
      Use case ends.

**Use case: Deleting a contact**

**MSS**

1. User requests to delete a specific contact
2. contHACKS deletes the contact and displays the updated contact list

Use case ends.

**Extensions**
* 1a. Contact does not exist
    * 1a1. contHACKS shows an error message.<br />
      Use case ends.

**Use case: Listing the contact list**

**MSS**

1. User requests to for the whole contact list
2. contHACKS displays the whole contact list

Use case ends.

**Use case: Clear all contacts**

**MSS**

1. User requests to clear all contacts
2. contHACKS delete all the contacts and displays an empty contact list

Use case ends.

**Use case: Getting help manual**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to for a help manual
> 2. contHACKS displays the help manual

Reviewer 2: I am not too sure if this is considered adding low level details but here's my suggestion

```suggestion
1. User requests to for a help manual
2. contHACKS displays the link to the help manual
3. User clicks on the link
4. contHACKS redirect users to the User Guide
```

Reviewer 3: I think don't need to include the displays link and the clicks on the link part.

> 1. User requests to for a help manual
> 2. contHACKS displays the help manual

Reviewer: Maybe we can do something like:
```suggestion
1. User requests to for a help manual
2. contHACKS redirects user to the User Guide in the browser
```

Author: I feel like this also contains UI details? Like the [example talking about good and bad](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/website/se-book-adapted/chapters/specifyingRequirements.html#details-2)

Use case ends.

**Use case: Exiting the application**

**MSS**

1. User requests to exit the application

> 2. contHACKS closed.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if this matters but I think shouldn't be in past tense.
```suggestion
2. contHACKS closes.
```
